 When you’re in love, you expose yourself the possibility of being hurt by someone you truly trust.

 Some people think I’m depressed, but I’m really just a realist in a world that’s depressing.

 Every person’s heart has pain, but they express that pain in different ways. Some will hide it in their eyes, while others will hide it in their smile.

 Crying allows your eyes to speak when your mouth can no longer explain how broken your heart is.

 You made me believe that you loved me, and then you left me behind like nothing ever mattered between us.

 You’re better off being alone than being with someone who makes you feel like you’re alone.

 Here’s the problem with getting too attached to someone: whenever they leave, you feel completely lost.

 You killed off the last good part of me.

 It’s hard to forget all about someone who gave you so many things to remember.

 I love to cry in the rain because that’s the only time no one can hear the pain.

 If a man really wants you, there’s nothing in the world that can keep him away. When a man doesn’t want you, there’s nothing in the world that can make him stay.

 The hardest thing in life is to watch someone you love, love another person.

 It’s really hard to wait for something that may never happen, and it’s even harder to quit on something when it’s everything you want.

 How can you feel better when the one person who can stop you from crying is the same person who made you cry in the first place?

 Don’t make someone a priority when all you are is an option to them.

 I really don’t hate you. I’m just disappointed that you wound up turning into everything you said that you would never be.

 It’s bad to lose someone you love, but it’s even harder to lose yourself while you’re loving them.

 The more time you spend dancing with the devil, the more time you spend in hell.

 Someone may desire you, but that doesn’t mean they truly value you.

 I don’t understand why life keeps trying to teach me lessons I don’t want to learn.



 Time never really heals the heart. It only lets the heart forget about the hurt and pain.

 Whenever you hear me say, don’t worry, I’m good, I’m really not. But don’t worry, I’m good.

 I can’t explain why I’m sad or why the tears are falling because I don’t have all the answers. All I know is that I have depression, and depression really doesn’t need a reason.

 There’s no reason to always pretend to be strong. You don’t have to prove to everyone that you’re happy and everything’s going well all the time.

 When you love someone who doesn’t love you back, it’s like hugging a cactus; the tighter you hold onto it, the more it hurts.

 They always say that you should never give up, but there are times when giving up is the best option because you finally realize that you’re only wasting your time.

 When you’re with the wrong person, you will never get what you want. And that person will always get what they want from you.

 If you have to convince a person that they are the right one for you, then they are not the right person for you.

 Don’t ever be afraid to let go because you just never know what greater things will replace all those that you lost.

 I may have let you go, but that doesn’t mean I wanted to.



 If he’s the one causing you to lose your family, friends, happiness and confidence, then you need to lose him.

 I’m going to write you a letter that starts with I love you, ends with I love you, and somewhere in between is a good-bye for every single hurt.

 I will continue to wait for you until the day I can finally forget you or until the day that you finally realize you can’t forget me.

 The pain I feel is the only thing that reminds me I’m still alive.

 The worst feeling in the world is pretending that you don’t care at all when that’s really all you can think about.

 People will ignore you until they need you.

 Don’t give that special place in your heart to just anyone. Save it for someone who understands the value of that place.

 I tried so hard to forget you, but the harder I keep trying, the more I think about you.

 If time was the thing that made me lose what we had, then I really hate time.

 It really hurts when you hold someone in your heart that you can’t have in your arms.



 There is a special kind of pain that comes along with loving a person more than they love you.

 Don’t think you can come running back to me when people begin treating you the same way you treat other people.

 I really can’t wait for the day when I can finally look at you and feel absolutely nothing.

 Everyone is going to hurt you. You just need to find that one person who is worth suffering for.

 Sometimes, it’s the people you don’t want to get hurt that actually don’t care if they hurt you.

 Depression – you can’t truly understand it unless you’ve already been through it.

 You’ve seen me laugh and smile so many times, but have you ever wondered whether or not it’s real? Can you really not see through my act and how truly alone I am?

 Each and every time I start trusting someone, they remind why I should have never tried in the first place.

 It’s a sad day when you are hurt so much all the time that you finally start saying I’m used to it.

 Sometimes, it really is better to be alone. That way, no one can hurt you.

 Everyone wants to be happy. No one wants to be in pain or be sad, but you can’t have a rainbow without experiencing a little rain.

 Dear heart – please stop involving yourself in everything. Your only job is to pump blood, so please stick to that.

 The most painful memory I have is of me walking away and you letting me go.

 That same person who said the nicest things to me is also the same person who said some of the meanest things to me.

 I’ve decided not to rely on anyone anymore because I’m just so tired of being disappointed all the time.

 I hate that feeling when you smile at your crush, and they never even acknowledge your presence.

 I feel like I’m so far away from the one person I would love to hold in my arms.

 I hate that you ignore me for so long, and then you think you can talk to me like nothing at all ever happened.

 Sometimes, you have to laugh to hide your fears and smile to hide your tears.

 It’s a sad day when you realize that you really aren’t as important to someone as you thought you were.



 It’s the invisible tears that are the hardest to wipe away.

 It’s always the moment you start caring when you get hurt the most.

 I won’t ever stop caring about you, but if you do decide to push me away, I will go away.

 Most people are lonely because they decide to build walls instead of bridges.

 Why is it that the people you love the most are the ones that hit you the hardest?

 I really hate being broken. And I really hate that I can never go back.

 The truth will hurt for a little while, but lies will hurt you for the rest of your life.

 It’s not the fact that we never talk that’s sad; it’s the fact that we used to talk every day.

 I’m having one of those days where I feel like I can’t do anything right.

 How did we move from talking every single day to being strangers?

 I’m so tired of hearing about everyone else’s special person – I want one of my own.

 I feel like I have the weight of the world sitting on my shoulders.

 There comes a point where you have to know when to stop hoping.

 I know there’s no point in crying. The tears that fall from my eyes will never bring you back to me.

 If you plan on making me cry, at least be there to help wipe away the tears.

 The deepest people are the people who have been hurt the most.

 Remember – the sun doesn’t always shine and the sky isn’t always blue. It’s okay to fall apart sometimes.

 Everyone knows that something is wrong, but nobody knows what is causing the pain.

 I enjoy having low self-esteem. It makes me feel like I’m special.

 Take a good look at me. You may think that you know me, but you will never truly know who I am.



 As a child, I was terrified of ghosts. Now that I’m older, I realize that people are scarier.

 There comes a point when you need to finally realize that some people can be allowed to stay in your heart, but not in your life.

 It’s really hard to get a role in someone’s life when you’re not even in the script.

 I’m having one of those days where I feel like the entire world is crashing around me, but I’m powerless to stop it. All I can do is keep on living.

 I’m terrified of being happy because every time I think I’m finally happy, something winds up going wrong.

 Whenever I try to talk, I feel like my thoughts don’t matter. So, I wind up just shutting myself out from the rest of the world.

 I try to hide my tears behind my fake smile. That way, no one can see how much pain I’m in. I may be dying inside, but I still pretend that everything is fine.

 Don’t make a promise if you can’t keep it. Don’t tell me that you love me unless you really mean it.

 It’s getting harder and harder to fake a smile.

 I wasn’t aware that forever actually had an expiration date.

 Loneliness is a human condition, and no one will ever be able to fill that space.

 The people who say that sunshine will bring happiness are the same people who have never danced in the rain.

 It isn’t about how tragically we suffer, but how miraculous our living is.

 There are times when you just need to run away to see who will chase you.

 There are some of us here who are just trying to get through the day without completely falling apart.

 People try to understand, but no one can really know what it’s like to live like this.

 I hate it when people tell you that they love you or miss you when they never actually make an effort to see you or call you.

 Why am I so afraid to lose you? I’m not even yours.

 Love’s ladder is dangerous; the higher you climb, the harder the fall.

 There are times when I feel so much, but there’s so little that I can say.



 Moving on is the only option because if you don’t, you will wind up being stuck wherever you are.

 Someone wake me up when things are finally going right.

 Never try to please other people if you know that it won’t work out in the end.

 I’m trying really hard to keep it together, but I’m running out of super glue.

 I’m tired of fake people, of being used and of being lied to. I’m just plain tired of people.

 I’m that person who never gets to sleep because I can’t stop thinking about the smallest things that never really matter.

 There are nights when I burn inside the fire of my own thoughts.

 It actually kills me when you’re busy with life, when you ignore me and when we don’t talk.

 When you have lived so long in despair, you can’t stand to hope anymore.

 It is amazing how heavy emptiness feels.

 There are times when I think I want to disappear, but all I really want is to be found.

 Remembering is easy for people who have brains. Forgetting is nearly impossible for people with hearts.

 There are times when you just have to let people go. It’s not because you don’t care, but because they don’t care.

 I still find myself feeling sad about the things that don’t even matter anymore.

 No one can handle your heart better than you, so don’t give it to a person and then complain that they hurt it.

 No matter how hard you pray, wish or beg, you just have to accept that things will change and they always will – even if those things are the closest to you.

 I love photographs because they never change – even if the people in them do.

 I tell other people that I’m fine. I tell myself that I’m okay. I remind myself that I’ll make it through this day. But am I telling myself the truth, or am I just lying?

 You really never know what you have until it’s gone.

 Yes, I have trust issues. I’m the only person who hasn’t let me down.



 The tongue may weigh very little, but only a few people can hold it.

 Please don’t help me up if you only plan on pushing me back down again.